HWID-Gen.c:
	Unique program. Not the checker itself.
	Handles the generation of a "HWID", as it's called. This created a program that would be given to somebody, and they ran it on their server, and output a string to give to an admin to put it into a database to allow them to run the checker. Since BA is now closed and "logging in" is no longer applicable, it isn't used.


checker.php:
	Unique program. Not the checker itself.
	This would take the 'email', 'password', and 'hwid' parameters as POST.
	Using vBulletin's SQL functions, it would confirm that somebody with the email $_POST['email'], had the password $_POST['password'], and that their HWID($_POST['hwid']) was valid for using the checker. No longer needed, and BA is closed and no hwid/login checks are done anymore.


curl.c:
	Handles the actual checking process. Submits the form to the login page, and returns what it gets using a storage function.


hwid-check.c:
	Check whether our secret file is present on the server, and if so, do everything needed to generate our HWID.


log.c:
	Handles all logging related actions.


main.c:
	Does everything else. Handles some functions such as bool return whether a string is alphanumeric, whether it's an "acceptable" RS username, and strdup copy(since strdup is non-standard).
	Pushes accounts to list, and pushes proxies to list. Sets everything up with these, too.
	Handles the threaded action. do_threaded() is done by threads, and doesnt rely on "outside" data.
	Handles usage and arguments, and file related functions(checks if all files are valid, and have been opened.)
	Mass open/close file function, and freeing of list contents function.
	"Head" function, which sets up each list to the "initalized" state.
	"end" function that destroys all lists, closes all files, and cleans everything up.
	functions to determine if a proxy or account is currently in use(being checked, or being used)
	Writing of 'unchecked accounts' file on exit of program.
	Submitting of user/pass/hwid in appropriate fashion to checker.php(no longer used as BA is closed.)


ssl.c:
	SSL locks


find-proxies.sh:
	Very crude program to find proxies for testing the program.
